Update registry template (#8198)
kubernetes-sigs/kubespray: docs/kubernetes-apps/registry.md

```
<!-- END MUNGE: EXAMPLE registry-rc.yaml -->

> Note that if you have set mulit replicas, make sure the storage support `ReadWriteMany` accessMode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* that if you have set multiple replicas, make sure your CSI driver has support for the `ReadWriteMany` accessMode.
```
